Check the server certificate (#55)
nextcloud/end_to_end_encryption_rfc: RFC.md

2. Client uploads the X.509 certificate request to the server by sending the certificate request URL encoded as parameter `csr` to `/ocs/v2.php/apps/end_to_end_encryption/api/v1/public-key`.
3. Server issues a certificate if the CN matches the current user ID.
4. Server returns the issued certificate.

> 5. Client verifies their certificate was signed by the server (checking the servers public key)

Reviewer: Maybe clarify on the fact that this is the E2EE key and not HTTPS :)

```suggestion
5. Client verifies their certificate was issued by the server (checking the servers public key from /ocs/v2.php/apps/end_to_end_encryption/api/v1/server-key)
```
